README.md, before:

# "Pico y Placa" simple predictor

A simple React application to predict Quito's Pico y Placa restrictions. It was build with Typescript, Styled-Components, Material UI Framework and MVP pattern.

A car circulation is restricted by the last digit of the license plate with the following criteria:
- Monday: 1,2.
- Tuesday: 3,4.
- Wednesday: 5,6.
- Thursday: 7,8.
- Friday: 9,0.
- Saturday: No restrictions.
- Sunday: No restrictions.

In addition, the circulation restriction time must be match from 7:00 AM to 9:30 AM and from 4:00 PM to 7:30 PM.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `yarn test:coverage`

Launches the test coverage runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

Commit message:

Add Set up project information

README.md, after:

# "Pico y Placa" simple predictor

A simple React application to predict Quito's Pico y Placa restrictions. It was build with Typescript, Styled-Components, Material UI Framework and MVP pattern.

A car circulation is restricted by the last digit of the license plate with the following criteria:
- Monday: 1,2.
- Tuesday: 3,4.
- Wednesday: 5,6.
- Thursday: 7,8.
- Friday: 9,0.
- Saturday: No restrictions.
- Sunday: No restrictions.

In addition, the circulation restriction time must be match from 7:00 AM to 9:30 AM and from 4:00 PM to 7:30 PM.

## Set up

1 - Clone this project running `git clone https://github.com/TikoCisneros/pico-placa-simple-predictor.git` in your terminal. If you haven't git installed can simply download it and unzip it.

2 - Install all project dependencies with `npm install` or `yarn install` command.

3 - Run the command `npm run start` or `yarn start` to start serving the project.

4 - That's all. The application is running in `http://localhost:3000`.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `yarn test:coverage`

Launches the test coverage runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.
